[LLM] New docs (#2828)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/llm-inference/reference-content/llama-2-70b.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: Llama-2-70b-chat model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Understanding the Llama-2-70b-chat model
```

>   description: This page explains the Llama-2-70b model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page provides information on the Llama-2-70b model
```

content:

>   h1: Llama-2-70b model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: Understanding the Llama-2-70b-chat model
```

>   paragraph: This page explains the Llama-2-70b model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page provides information on the Llama-2-70b model
```

tags: 
categories:
  - ia
---

## Model overview

| Attribute       | Details                            |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Provider        | [Meta](https://llama.meta.com/llama2)  |
| Model Name      | `llama-2-70b-chat`                 |
| Compatible Instances | H100 (FP8) - H100-2 (FP16)    |

## Model name

```bash
llama-2-70b-chat
```

## Compatible Instances

- [H100 (FP8)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/h100-pcie-try-it-now/)
- [H100-2 (FP16)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/h100-pcie-try-it-now/)

> ## Model introduction

Reviewer: This should be the first content to appear on this page imho

The Llama-2-70b-chat model, developed by Meta, is designed for various chat applications and customer service platforms. 
Trained on diverse conversational data, it generates human-like responses and engages in meaningful dialogues.
Its versatility makes it suitable for businesses seeking to enhance their customer interactions.

## Why you will love it

Llama-2-70b-chat offers seamless integration with chat applications and customer service platforms, facilitating smooth communication between businesses and their customers.
Its robust performance and natural language understanding enhance user experience and foster customer satisfaction.

## How to use it

<Message type="tip">
  Ensure you have the necessary libraries provided by NVIDIA for Triton to interact with the server from your client code.
  You can find these libraries on [GitHub](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/client/tree/main).
  Follow the instructions provided in the `README` file to integrate these libraries into your project.
</Message>

### Sending Inference requests

> To perform inference tasks with your LLM model deployed on the Triton Inference Server, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform inference tasks with your LLM model deployed on the Triton Inference Server, use the following command:
```

## Model introduction

The Llama-2-70b-chat model, developed by Meta, is designed for various chat applications and customer service platforms. 
Trained on diverse conversational data, it generates human-like responses and engages in meaningful dialogues.
Its versatility makes it suitable for businesses seeking to enhance their customer interactions.

## Why you will love it

Llama-2-70b-chat offers seamless integration with chat applications and customer service platforms, facilitating smooth communication between businesses and their customers.
Its robust performance and natural language understanding enhance user experience and foster customer satisfaction.

## How to use it

### Sending Inference requests

To perform inference tasks with your Llama-2 deployed at Scaleway, use the following command:

```bash
curl -s \
-H "X-Auth-Token: <IAM token>" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
--request POST \
--url "https://<Deployment UUID>.ifr.fr-par.scw.cloud/" \
--data '{"text_input": "[INST]How can I use large language models to improve my customer service? [/INST]", "max_tokens": 200, "temperature": 0.2, "random_seed": 1, "top_p": 0.9}' | jq -r .text_output
```

> Make sure to replace <IAM token> and <Deployment UUID> with your actual IAM token and the Deployment UUID you are targeting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to replace <IAM token> and <Deployment UUID> with your actual IAM token and the Deployment UUID you are targeting.
```
what is an IAM token? is it the API key? Best to replace it so we keep the names ISO all across the docs

Reviewer 3: thank you @ldecarvalho-doc ! Replaced token by API key and linked to IAM API key how to.

</Message>

Here is an example with a format to define system and instruction prompts, designed as a virtual assistant to deliver only constructive and respectful responses. 

```
<s>[INST] <<SYS>>
You are a helpful, respectful and honest assistant. Always answer as helpfully as possible, while being safe.  Your answers should not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. Please ensure that your responses are socially unbiased and positive in nature.

If a question does not make any sense, or is not factually coherent, explain why instead of answering something not correct. If you don't know the answer to a question, please don't share false information.
<</SYS>>

There's a llama in my garden, what should I do?
[/INST]
```

### Receiving Inference responses

Upon sending the HTTP request to the public or private endpoints exposed by the server, you will receive inference responses from the managed Inference server. 
Process the output data according to your application's needs. The response will contain the output generated by the LLM model based on the input provided in the request.

<Message type="note">

>   Despite efforts to ensure accuracy, the possibility of generated text containing inaccuracies or 'hallucinations' exists. Always independently verify the content generated.

Reviewer 2: maybe add a link to the concept of "hallucinations" in this context, or explain it

Reviewer 3: Great idea! Idea hallucinations in list of concepts, and linked to it when mentioned.
